Hello, freak bitches. So.
We set ourselves up for, I think, a currency crisis,
not just a financial crisis where, where mortgages are in trouble,
but where the dollar itself is collapsing, our money is collapsing.
Prices are skyrocketing.
It's gonna really hit the average American much more than just the stock market.
It going down right when your money is going down, right.
When the cost of living is skyrocketing, right?
That is gonna be a big problem for a lot of people that that's where we're
headed. It's ultimately gonna be a dollar crisis. And that's really, you know,
like my, in my business and my brokerage firm and your Pacific capital,
that's what I'm trying to do is help people protect their wealth by getting out
of us dollar assets,
by investing in Singapore and Switzerland and New Zealand and Hong Kong and
other countries owning other assets, you know,
to try to protect themselves from this crisis that you know is coming, you know,
and,
and most people are gonna get blindsided by it just like they were by the last
one.
So what is the crisis and what, how exactly do you feel it's gonna go down?
Cause I did watch some of your videos about the in crisis from 2008.
Mm-hmm <affirmative>, you're predicting it years in advance. Yeah. I.
Mean, look, you know, things always happen. You know, I,
I see things years before they happen. Cause I understand, and you're not.
The only one, right? This,
this is something amongst your peers and your colleagues.
You guys are all discussing this. Well, I mean, I mean, there.
Are people,
most people who feel the way I do maybe aren't they weren't on television saying
it. They were saying it, you know, to their buddies, you know,
in their own living rooms. And they were getting laughed at just like I was,
you know, cuz I used to get emails from people, Hey,
I've been saying now this is exactly what I've been saying.
Everybody thinks I'm crazy. And you know, it's just, you know,
they're the same one. It's everybody else. That's crazy. That just,
it gets caught up in it.
But the what's going to happen is we are going to go back some point
into another statistic recession. I mean,
I think that we've kind of been in one this whole recovery,
cuz I don't think the government numbers are really that accurate.
I don't think that inflation is as low as they claim at least as measured by the
consumer prices.
So I think that the economy has actually been contracting during the years that
we've been pretending it's been growing.
But I do think at some point statistically,
we will go back into a technical recession where even the government admits that
the economy shrinking right where the GDP is negative for a couple of quarters
in a row. And then what is the government gonna do as a result of that?
They're gonna do exactly what they did before.
They're gonna take interest rates and bring 'em back to zero from wherever they
are. The difference is no, normally they lower interest rates.
And then by the time there's another recession they're way back up four, five,
6% this time they, they,
they barely got 'em back to 1% and they kept them at zero for seven,
eight years, which is unprecedented.
And of course the mistakes that are made are a consequence of money being too
cheap. Right? The reason that we had a real estate bubble,
the main reason was because Allen green span lowered interest rates to 1% and
left them there for about a year and a half and then took about a year and a
half to rise them, to raise 'em back up to normal.
So you had a few years of artificially low interest rates and that gave us this
huge housing bubble. Well, we had seven, eight years of zero. I mean the,
the mistakes that have been made under Obama dwarfed the mistakes that were made
under Bush.
And these are mistakes that are a consequence of money being too cheap of the
government, setting the price of money, as opposed to the free market,
you get too much debt, you get too much speculation.
And so we've got a much bigger bubble now and when the, the,
this one pops because it's so much bigger, right?
So then all of a sudden the fed has to cut interest rates again.
And now what happens to the dollar because see the dollar has been rising in
these past few years because everybody thought, oh,
the Fed's gonna normalize interest rates.
The Fed's gonna shrink the balance sheet when none of this stuff happens.
When the fed goes back to another round of quantitative ease,
when they gotta crank up the printing presses when they don't shrink the balance
sheet, but they blo it even bigger, right? It goes to five and a half trillion,
six and a half trillion. I think the bottom's gonna drop out of the dollar.
I think the dollar is gonna get killed.
The opposite of what happened in oh eight.
When the financial crisis hit oh eight,
the dollar had been falling for seven years. It was at an all time record, low.
And then when the crisis, it, it actually caused people to buy the dollar. Uh,
but I think this next crisis is going to be the big sell signal for the dollar
it's people are gonna rush out of the dollar.
As the fed has to go back to more QE,
as people realize that this is what I said for the beginning.
This is a monetary Roach motel, right?
The fed checked us in and they ain't checking us out.
There's no way to normalize rates. There's no way to shrink the balance sheet.
And when people realize that it's that this is a permanent situation,
the bottom drops outta the dollar and then commodity prices really start to
rise.
Remember when oil prices went from like $20 a barrel in 19 and 2001
up to 150, right? That was happening because the dollar was falling.
And as the dollar starts to fall,
all these commodity prices are gonna rise again.
And now inflation is really gonna pick up the way they measure it. And the,
the government can't do anything about it.
They can't raise interest rates because if they raise interest rates,
they collapse everything, all the banks that were too big to fail.
They're bigger now. And it would be even worse if they failed.
So they can't let rates go up because banks absorbed other banks,
they got bigger.
And now you have all these banks that have all these long term loans that have
low coupons on them. If interest rates go up,
all these big banks are gonna fail. I mean,
people think rising rates are gonna be good for banks.
They're gonna destroy the banks. They're gonna destroy the housing market.
I mean, and the government, this is the biggest thing.
Look at the national debt. The national debt is about 20 trillion, the,
the bond of debt. And that, of course,
that doesn't even count all the unfunded liabilities.
That's just where the government has sold a bond, right? Treasury bond.
That's about 20 trillion. But what would happen if interest rates went to 10%?
Well,
it would cost the government 2 trillion a year just to pay the interest on that
20,000 on that 20 trillion, we don't have anywhere close to that. I mean,
right now how interest rates are almost zero and we're spending about 250
billion a year on interest.
But if interest rates actually went up because the fed had a fight inflation,
the treasury would have to default. They, they would have to tell the Crow.
We can't pay on these bonds. What are you showing me? Jamie?
Is this the national debt?
Current? Oh, that's national debt pro God, look at its spinning.
Is it at 20 trillion yet? It's good. Oh, it's so pretty close. 19 9 73.
Look at its spinning. Oh God. Yeah, I know that's horrific. But.
Um, and so, you know, obviously the fed has to keep interest rates low.
So the government can service that debt. Look at.
Medicare, Medicaid. Jesus.
You can find the capital. You.
Add it all up. That's not even a billion. Is that a trillion? Huh? What?
That's not even a trillion at that right there. What is.
That? No, that's 1.1 trillion. Oh.
It is. But that's.
Largest budget items. Those are budget items. Oh, that's the budget.
Social security. That's not the debt. That's what they're spending. Oh.
See, look at them numbers. If you go down lower.
They'll probably have all the unfunded liabilities that on that page somewhere,
you know? And then they break it down. Then they break it down per capita,
you know, per taxpayer. I mean, it's an norm.
But my point is that we've got like an adjustable rate mortgage on that national
debt. The government's got ultra cheap money. If interest rates spike,
there's no way that the government can pay that debt.
This is hypnotic <laugh> it really is terrifying. I've never seen it before.
I've never seen it before either. That've what I'm saying.
Rico square Puerto Rico would be,
it would be so idiotic for Puerto Rico to wanna join the union and absorb their
share.
Of that debt. Now for the average person like myself,
who has zero understanding of the financial system, you listen to Trump,
talk about the economy booming and it's it's on an upward thing.
And unemployment is down and jobs are up. Yeah.
I mean. That's yeah.
That's what's really bothering me about Trump is the hypocrisy because when
Trump was a candidate and he got elected because by and large,
he told the truth about the phony nature of the recovery.
Obama was out there talking about how great things were. And Trump was like, BS,
it's not great. Oh, you're talking about low unemployment. That number is bogus.
The real unemployment rate, 20% or 25%.
Because people stopped looking for jobs and it doesn't count anymore. Yeah.
People.
Are, you know, they gave up looking so they don't have a job.
They're not counted as being unemployed.
And he pointed out that all the jobs like here, this is irony, right?
So what are the by of Obamacare?
Obamacare said that if you have a full-time worker,
you have to give him health insurance. Right.
And full-time was anyone that worked 30 hours or more well employers aren't
dumb. They can do math. Hey, if I, if this guy is working, uh, 40 hours a week,
I gotta, I gotta give him health insurance, which is very expensive.
But if he works 29 hours a week, I don't. Right. So what happened,
employers started transitioning their workforces from full-time workers to
part-time workers. Well, what happens if I'm gonna have only part-time workers,
I'm gonna have more workers, Greg, cuz each one is working fewer hours.
So I'm gonna have to have more I'm I have more jobs, right? If I have,
if I had 500 part-time jobs, but now I a thousand, I mean,
if I had 500 full-time employees,
but now I have a thousand part-time employees that's twice as many jobs,
Obama got credit for all those extra jobs. Right. As we were,
as we were destroying full-time jobs and replacing them with two part-time jobs,
we got all these jobs. So Trump was honest as a candidate,
these are low paying jobs. These are crappy jobs, you know,
and a lot of the people that were getting jobs were older.
People who don't want jobs,
they were retired and now they're working at McDonald's part-time because they
can't live on their retirement money. And in fact, you know,
when you look at the lake labor force participation rate that he would talk
about, you know,
where labor force participation is collapsing is with young people,
people in their twenties and thirties can't get jobs. Meanwhile, 70,
80 year olds are working in record percentages, right?
Cuz they can't afford to retire and their grandkids can't get a job.
But so Trump was telling the truth about how bad the economy was.
And that resonated a lot of blue collar guys. A lot of, uh,
Democrats in the Midwest voted for Trump because he got it.
He understood their, he felt their pain, right?
Like bill Clinton and Obama was in a fantasy.
I mean Hillary was pretending that everything was great under Obama and people
didn't want four more years of that. So they, it for Trump. And also, you know,
when Trump was a candidate,
he talked about the stock market cuz oh the stock market was going up when Obama
was president and Trump said, well,
it's a bubble who cares about the stock market. This is a big fat, ugly bubble.
Wait till it pops. Okay. He was right about that. Now he's president,
what is he saying? Every time I see him, this stock, market's a new record high.
This is fantastic. You know, it's all because of me. This is great.
And when the jobs numbers come out,
oh this is look how low the unemployment rate is.
This is the lowest it's been in 15 years, I'm doing a great job.
I'm doing nothing has changed. This is the exact same economy he inherited.
It's the same crappy jobs. It's the same stock market bubble.
The only difference is he's not a candidate anymore. He P president.
And now he's trying to market the same crappy economy that Obama had and
pretending everything is good. And I wish he was,
he would stay true to the candidate and admit, you know what?
The economy is still a disaster because nothing has changed. Right?
He was gonna drain the swamp. Instead.
He just poured more water in the same swamp. Let you know, but actually drain.
It means to really shake things up and in a way he's shaking things up,
but not the way that's gonna gets meaningful change for the country. Right.
That the shaking up that he's doing is not what people were voting for. Right.
We really need real substantive economic change,
but the president is not able to deliver it.
He's surrounded himself with the same cronies that,
that were round in the Bush administration. I mean,
what good is going back to Bush.